README.md, before:

# diversity-in-economic-seminars

This paper investigates the changing landscape of automobile theft in Toronto over the past decade, comparing its growth to that of other crimes. Notably, this paper explores the intriguing phenomenon that despite the significant increase in automobile theft's prevalence, it has not expanded to encompass new neighborhoods. 

## File Structure
The repo is structured as:

- `inputs/data` contains the data sources used in analysis including the raw data.
- `other/sketches` includes sketches of the datasets and graphs used in this report.
- `other/literature` includes relevant literature to this report.
- `outputs/data` contains the cleaned datasets that were constructed.
- `outputs/paper` contains the files used to generate the paper, including the Quarto document and reference bibliography file, as well as the PDF of the paper. 
- `scripts` contains the R scripts used to simulate, download, clean, and test data.

# LLM Usage Statement
**None of the components of this work involved the use of LLMs.**

Commit message:

Update files and clean data

README.md, after:

# diversity-in-economic-seminars

TODO!!!

## Replication Data Access

All the raw data used for replication in this paper was from the replication package of Nuzzo and Ledesma's paper. 
-   `other/literature` contains the paper being replicated in this report.
-   `data/raw_data` contains the raw data from the replication package of the replicated paper.
-   `scripts/99-replications.R` contains the R code to replicate 3 figures in the paper.

Replication on Social Science Reproduction platform available at: https://www.socialsciencereproduction.org/reproductions/8938b287-6681-4a5e-8993-42011a51be58/index


## File Structure
The repo is structured as:

- `inputs/data` contains the data sources used in analysis including the raw data.
- `other/sketches` includes sketches of the datasets and graphs used in this report.
- `other/literature` includes relevant literature to this report.
- `outputs/data` contains the cleaned datasets that were constructed.
- `outputs/paper` contains the files used to generate the paper, including the Quarto document and reference bibliography file, as well as the PDF of the paper. 
- `scripts` contains the R scripts used to simulate, download, clean, and test data.

# LLM Usage Statement
**None of the components of this work involved the use of LLMs.**
